hello guys welcome back again well I've
got some bad news today I guess it's uh
not as bad as I would expect it's not
too terrible just um
bad news is bad news you probably all
know that so um let's get to things well
I had another DEATH today not very fun
but I was sort of expecting the thing so
didn't really end up too badly I wasn't
too sad but let's get to things now not
much to see just a pretty bad death all
right
well we lost our last mantas sherry
there she is right there I was sort of
expecting the thing she was pretty old
she was born about like the 22nd 23rd of
May and she just died on like around
January 7th is that what's today January
6 January 7 she was pretty weak on
January 6th I wasn't sure if she
actually died that day or if she died
today so somewhere around the lines of
that and yeah that's that's how she is
when she died 4 inches I already
measured her exactly the same size as
Matilda
nothing different could see her antennae
and her legs which are very still
because she's gone but one thing I
wanted to show you guys was how the
mantis legs actually work all right all
right so the legs they are pretty much
like wrapped or all four limbs how it
works let me stretch it out so there we
go that's how the legs are this front
part right here that little stub right
there is a broken Tarsus that's what it
used to be like a little bit longer but
when she died she fell and it just kind
of got pulled off
normally when a Mantis is alive even if
they have that thing right there
they occasionally will lose it and that
they won't die from losing it
however they may have a little bit of
problem climbing however they could also
just use the claws to help grip on
things so what happens is it strikes
forward focus here all right and it
strikes forward and it grabs the prey
between these rows of spines in the four
limbs there are some right here and some
right there and that will just grasp the
prey were so hard that sometimes spines
pierce into it and that usually kills or
at least injures the prey and it stops
it from escaping
and that's how the claws usually work
and this little Tarsus thing over here
usually just folds back along here to
avoid getting kicked off or get bitten
off or chewed off by the
pray when it struggles sometimes of
course it does get kicked off and broken
like what happened to her right now the
back legs nothing special just a little
tall thin as a toothpick really easy and
this is a great view of a Chinese mantis
because usually they're brown with a
green wing margin right here there also
is a grayish color form which a God does
not have the green mowing margin
although that form is really rare and
there's also a greenish form that's
completely green every body part is
green and even the abdomens
you see the brown version has abdomen is
brown and the green green version is
green and or yellowish this is how it
pretty much looks like nothing special
about it although it makes a really good
pet though it doesn't live very long
mine lived seven months six seven months
not very epically long living pet now
the wings they the front wings fold
downwards like a protective shield these
two wings with the green wing margins in
that part got a little bit ripped there
from something I don't know what exactly
but anyway those are protective wing
cover so sorry about that and these two
bottom wings are folded like fans very
amazing so you look at that it's folded
like a fan and that's how they fly
although females like her she never flew
because she's so heavy her abdomen is so
full heavy of eggs although she her
abdomen is quite tiny because as she
laid all our eggs this is basically how
a mantis looks like
you got your body parts your a head
right here your thorax your prothorax
actually but I just call it a thorax and
the thorax goes back to here where their
legs are and abdomen right there and
those are the wings of course and yeah
that's a about how a Chinese Mantid
looks like or at least agree are not
green brown color form is so they all
laid eggs they had a pretty nice fun
time with me
Sheri and Matilda and fearful they all
had a really good time although in the
end they all died of course but they
were not as unlucky as the male's that I
mated with them all the male's got eaten
so I guess it's a pretty good excuse for
cannibalism eat the guys all right
that's all I really have for now so um
not too bad eh
Wow it was a little bit bad it was a
little bit sad and everything but I
guess it's not too bad I was expecting
this anyway she was pretty old I guess
she lived the longest of any mantis I've
kept before uh till the new years I've
never had one that actually lived past
Christmas I never even had one lived to
Christmas so that's a really good change
living past in New Year's so I hope you
guys enjoyed the video and my deepest
condolences to fearful that's all I have
for now so thanks for watching guys